This folder contains the code for the SNR(Semantic Norm Recognition) system.
It also contains the scripts responsible for training, optimizing and making predictions.
This system is based on the Named Entity Recognition as Dependency Parsing model created by Yu, Bohnet and Poesio (from https://github.com/juntaoy/biaffine-ner), with some modifications to fulfil the objective of my master's thesis: Natural Langueguage Processing applied to the Portuguese Consusmer law.

The SNR system is an information extraction system to extract norms, named entities and semantic relationships from portuguese consumer laws. This system uses 3 models (Norms Model, NE Model, SR model, NE with Norms, SR with Norms) each one responsible for predicting a group of labels. Each one corresponds to a nested NER model, based on the model of Yu, Bohnet and Poesio (from https://github.com/juntaoy/biaffine-ner). The base code came from them, where some fodifications were done, since we only use BERT as embeddings and they used 3 different types. 

The system's models and their structure are configured in the .conf files, the training.py, evalutating.py, biaffine_ner_model.py allows to train, evaluate and create the model. To make the connection between the models we write the results into 2 files. One, which the norms model uses to write the predictions it made, and another which each model writes its results into. The reaming files correspond to scripts to optime and, to train and evaluate the full system all together. A future link to the dissertation will be added here once it becames public.
